hello it's ruby and
today i'm going to be sharing my current
daily routine with you
this video is also very kindly sponsored
by ucas
the first thing i do when i get up is
some yin yoga
we've been waiting around for too long
for
yoga is basically a type of yoga which
focuses on stretching it's just really
mindful really meditative and
i find it's a great way to wake my body
up and
just stretch out my muscles after
sleeping
and i love to listen to some kind of
feel-good
acoustic music in the morning so usually
that's something like jack johnson
and i will listen to that whilst i make
my bed
then i will go into the bathroom i will
open up the shutters
and i will brush my teeth and whilst i'm
brushing my teeth i will either read or
i will listen to a ted talk through my
headphones
i will also do some morning skincare so
that's basically using
my glossier cleanser
[Music]
and then i will go downstairs for
breakfast
so then it's time to get started with
work if you've been watching my videos
for a while you will know that i
love to like candles
[Music]
and the very first thing i do is plan my
day and the things i need to get done so
today i was using
my master to-do list but before we get
on to the work i did today
i want to tell you about ucas discovery
days with ucas very kindly sponsoring
today's video
so as i said today's video is sponsored
by ucas which i genuinely find so
unbelievable to say like
ucas actual ucas ucas is providing
online discovery days it's for
prospective university students aged 16
17. a free way for you to access
resources
ask questions and really start to make
up your mind about where you want to
apply and what you want to apply for
so as i said it's online and they have
six zones
so the standout one is the live lounges
which is
a really relaxed and informal space
where
students real students will answer
questions about university
i also love the sound of the discover
university zone which i think is like a
really useful thing on top of open days
because
you're able to make these comparisons
between universities
and even compare the responses that
different universities have to like
certain questions
the support zone 2 sounds really helpful
it's where you can get practical advice
on things like personal statements cvs
student loans so these ucas discovery
days will be running
on the 20th and 21st of april and then
on the 5th of may
and as i said they are free and i will
leave a link in the description if you
want to
sign up i treated research into
universities as one of the most
valuable ways of using my time because
it's such a massive decision this is why
you're going to be studying for the next
three or four
years of your life putting in an extra
few hours is definitely worth it
these discovery days do really sound
very useful
okay so anyway back into my daily
routine i'm using forest today to track
my study session and
i tend to start with something which is
quite quick just so i have something to
take off my to-do list like a piece of
reading and then i will move on to my
hardest task of the day
so i was working on the next draft of my
essay
[Music]
so then i tidy my room and if you're
wondering this is my outfit of the day
things can get quite samey samey when
you're studying from home
if you're studying remotely then you'll
know this just kind of always being in
the same
spot and in the same position can get a
bit repetitive
and so i've been trying to change up my
location and
i just decided to work out this little
coffee table in the middle of my bedroom
so i worked on my essay for a little
longer and then i moved on to doing some
preparation for my
24 hour at exams which i have at
the beginning of next month so i
am doing lots of research and academic
reading
in preparation for these exams just so i
go into them with
optimal levels of understanding i was
just planning the readings i wanted to
do
for one of the exams and then i got
started on reading i think maybe
three papers
[Music]
so then after that at around 11 30 i
did some yoga i love to do an actual
yoga flow as well as the yin yoga the
yin yoga
is just as i said pretty much stretching
the flow i do really does depend i kind
of do it i do it quite intuitively
[Music]
i will do yoga for about 20 minutes and
then
this day my mum and i went on a walk to
the
postbox so i always like to go on a walk
usually i'll go by myself usually i'll
go for a longer walk too but
today i just went on a half an hour walk
with my mum and later our dog
then i had lunch and after lunch i tend
to work on
youtube related things so that might be
filming or just
admin and i always start with emails
and then after doing that for a while i
went outside again and
i just went on the trampoline i love to
go on the trampoline in
the afternoons i just find it really
good fun
[Music]
of people with nowhere to go
grab your car keys and check it cause
honey
we're ready to go and
then after that i read outside for a bit
so at the moment i'm reading this book
how we learn
which is a kind of like history
of the psychology of learning
[Music]
when i got back inside i was a bit
packaged so i had a protein bar and
i also had a wheatgrass shop these are
really good for you and i have one every
day
back up in my room i just did a bit of
cleaning so i disinfected my desk and
also all of my sides
and my room felt a lot nicer afterwards
it definitely did need
so we just got back from the charity
shop i managed to find
the loveliest set of teacups and dessert
plates
so for all of it it was only 14 150 as
well which is really really good for
like a matching set
so this is one of the sauces i got four
of these dessert plates
and they've got this really nice floral
design around the sides and these are
just the prettiest things
i had some afternoon to you when i got
back i like to call this ceremonial tea
because i just love the ritual of
preparing it really nicely
and having a loose leaf and having it
out of my teapot i also really wanted to
try out the new teacups that i got
[Music]
after enjoying my tea i went outside and
i did some writing
i always make time for writing every day
and
i tend to do it in the late afternoons
so i brought my laptop outside
and it was really sunny if not very cold
[Music]
i did get pretty cold though so i went
inside after a while
and wrote some more at my desk and i
also did a little bit more youtube work
before dinner
we have dinner at around seven o'clock
and we always eat together as a family
[Music]
after dinner i like to make myself some
tea i
have some kind of bad time to use so
something with chamomile in
and i will also fill up a hot water
bottle and then in the evenings my
family and i will usually watch
something together so
this evening my mom's sister and i
watched a film and
that was really nice also yes i was
sitting on the floor because
i find it so cosy to sit on the floor by
the fire my mom and sister don't
understand it but i just find it's the
best
spot in the house when you are watching
a film
then whilst i'm getting ready for bed i
will listen to a
ted talk again so usually something
related to climate change
or how we can be more sustainable
then i will get into bed and i will do
some journaling and also
read of course i try to turn off the
light
by 10 30 so that i can wake up
early the next morning and not be tired
but yes
that is my current daily routine i hope
you enjoyed watching it thank you again
to ucas for sponsoring today's video
and i hope that you have a productive
[Music]
week
you